well howdy there internet people
elizabeth again
so today we are going to talk about
everything being political
we're going to talk about influencers
and politics
apparently some outlet released an
article that
suggested that if influencers do not
take a political stand over the next 30
days they risk losing
large portions of their audience never
to get them back
i don't know what outlet did it but it
obviously had some reach
because within the space of an hour i
had four
influencers that i know um
reach out and say what am i supposed to
do
i didn't want to do anything political i
just wanted to talk about
this subject i feel you
i feel you everything's political
everything is political whatever your
topic is whatever your
your little genre is it's political on
some level
you just wanted to do a travel channel
cool
and that brings up a lot of things about
economic disparity
and the united states is let's just say
kind of lopsided immigration policies
i just wanted to do a food channel talk
about food post photos of food to
instagram
and i'm the foodie that's it which again
brings up
income and equality food and security
and health care
because eating right can keep you
healthy
i just wanted to do something about
fashion take selfies and post cute
pictures
yeah and that brings up labor income
inequality
objectification normative beauty
standards all that stuff
it's political cars yeah pollution labor
the tariffs health care just wanted
people to be
fit yeah brings up those same
normative beauty standards there's a lot
of people who don't have
access to health care
don't have the time to exercise because
they're struggling to survive
just like gadgets just like to do
play with high-tech stuff which brings
up mining and
the exploitation of the third world
colonialization and all of that stuff
in an unjust society everything is
political
everything is political but have no fear
okay this isn't as hard as it sounds
okay you do not have to
you don't have to go full board you
don't have to change your channel just
work some simple stuff in
first condemn bigotry of any kind
start there real easy okay condemn
bigotry
and don't just say it act a little bit
on it police your comments
if you're on youtube use the hide user
from channel feature
as soon as somebody says something
bigoted just boop they're gone
channel never sees it that person
doesn't even know you did it they still
come watch your videos and leave their
comments
yelling into the void doesn't hurt you
at all
but enhances the user experience
here's the part that may be a little bit
more difficult
speak up for the people who don't have a
voice
you have a platform use it that's what
people are expecting
doesn't have to be all the time in fact
if you did it all the time
people would probably not like it but a
brief mention every once in a while
shows that you're human shows you're a
person
so you take care of those two things and
then self-educate
learn a little bit about the issues
surrounding whatever your genre is
and then remember that this one little
piece of advice
never kick down only punch up
those people who have less power
less influence than you do
they're never going to be the source of
your problem ever under any circumstance
that's never the real source the real
source is somewhere else
remember that you're fine you don't have
to become a political expert
just try to be a good person that's it
you don't have to worry about this
if you take the moral stance you don't
have to come out and endorse a candidate
just have to talk about the things that
relate directly to your genre
and don't kick down try to uplift
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day